document 'update_by_pk' and 'delete_by_pk' examples (close #4622) (#4625)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/manual/api-reference/graphql-api/mutation.rst

   * - mutation-field-name
     - true
     - Value
     - Name of the auto-generated update mutation field, e.g. *update_author_by_pk*
   * - pk-columns-argument
     - true
     - pkColumnsArgExp_
     - Primary key(s) for row(s) to be updated
   * - set-argument
     - false
     - setArgExp_
     - Data to be updated in the table
   * - inc-argument
     - false
     - incArgExp_
     - Integer value to be incremented to Int columns in the table
   * - append-argument
     - false
     - appendArgExp_
     - JSON value to be appended to JSONB columns in the table
   * - prepend-argument
     - false
     - prependArgExp_
     - JSON value to be prepended to JSONB columns in the table
   * - delete-key-argument
     - false
     - deleteKeyArgExp_
     - Key to be deleted in the value of JSONB columns in the table
   * - delete-elem-argument
     - false
     - deleteElemArgExp_
     - Array element to be deleted in the value of JSONB columns in the table
   * - delete-at-path-argument
     - false
     - deleteAtPathArgExp_
     - Element at path to be deleted in the value of JSONB columns in the table

**E.g. UPDATE BY PK**:

.. code-block:: graphql

>     mutation update_articles {
>       update_article_by_pk (
>         pk_columns: {
>           id: 1
>           id: 2
>         }
>         _set: { is_published: true }
>       ) {
>         affected_rows
>       }
>     }

Author: ```suggestion
    mutation update_articles {
      update_article_by_pk (
        pk_columns: {
          id: 1
        }
        _set: { is_published: true }
      ) {
        id
        title
      }
    }
```

      }
    }

.. _delete_by_pk_syntax:

Delete by pk syntax
-------------------

.. code-block:: none

    mutation [<mutation-name>] {
      <mutation-field-name> (
        column1: value1
        column2: value2
      )
      <object-fields>
    }

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Key
     - Required
     - Schema
     - Description
   * - mutation-name
     - false
     - Value
     - Name of mutation for observability
   * - mutation-field-name
     - true
     - Value
     - Name of the auto-generated delete mutation field, e.g. *delete_author_by_pk*

**E.g. DELETE BY PK**:

.. code-block:: graphql

>     mutation delete_articles {
>       delete_article_by_pk (
>         id: 1
>         id: 2
>       ) {
>         affected_rows
>         returning {
>           id
>         }
>       }
>     }

Author: ```suggestion
    mutation delete_articles {
      delete_article_by_pk (
        id: 1
      ) {
        id
        title
      }
    }
```
